In this lesson, we're going go over the concepts that make up
Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment or CI/CD.
We'll start out theoretical at first and then
start to get very practical by the next lesson.
We'll start with the fundamentals of CI/CD to give you a good foundation.
Then we'll talk about the benefits of CI/CD to get you excited and how
to communicate those technical benefits with non-technical colleagues.
We'll talk about continuous delivery as a paradigm
and how it relates to continuous integration and deployment.
We'll go over some best practices for CI/CD,
so that you won't have to repeat the same mistakes that I did starting out.
We'll talk about some of the different deployment strategies out
there and zero in on one that you can implement right away.
We'll take a look at the building blocks of pipelines.
Finally, we'll look at the different CI/CD tools out on the market.
It's time to get rolling,
grab a caffeinated beverage of your choice and get ready.
You're about to level up your game.